well the first 12 to 14 practices he
will be strictly on defense for the
simple reason is we've got some guys on
campus some young players with Troy
Pittman and Raphael and greatest we need
to continue to develop we signed five
true freshmen that we need to find out
what these guys can do and if we put
luchas over there on offense we're not
going to find out what those guys can do
so those first 12 or 14 practices I'm
we're going to really emphasize them on
what those guys can do Lou chcesz is
going to have a role on offense this
year how much depends on how quickly
those guys on campus and those true
freshman develop at the position and
also how well the young defensive backs
develop at the corner position
well I think as far as our win total
last year probably ahead of the game a
little bit but as far as where our
roster is in our locker room I'm very
comfortable with where we are this is
where I wanted to be at this time from
the standpoint of you know we're
building this thing the right way and
that starts up front on both lines of
scrimmage in our league you you better
be good there I know that building it
with good people they're gonna make good
choices and decisions and guys that
understand that the importance of plan
to university of florida and i think
that we're getting to that point now you
don't have a come-from-behind wins if
you don't have guys that have character
and discipline and toughness and have
buying within the program and and are
able to come together for that common
purpose so i feel very comfortable with
where we are as far as the roster in the
locker room and those things and
obviously very pleased with last season
from a record standpoint i didn't like
the way we ended the year and obviously
we came up a little short because our
goal is to go to Atlanta at the
University of Florida and when you when
you don't meet that goal you haven't
achieved anything well again i'm i'm all
for player safety i don't know why the
rule we had last year was wrong if a guy
led with the crown of his helmet if a
guy hit a defenseless player
Commissioner slive and Steve Shaw who
does an outstanding job with our
officials sat down in a very calm cool
environment on Sunday or Monday and made
a decision if the player was going to be
ejected for the next game I don't
understand what was wrong with that
that's what they do in the national
football league commissioner goodell
sits down with his people after a game
and they sit down in a very calm cool
environment and they look at it a
hundred different ways and see if it was
a malicious hidden if it was the young
man needs to sit the next game or they
find them in the NFL so you know I think
we've put too much on our officials in
my opinion to throw a flag and to err
err on the side of player safety which
I'm for but I think we put a lot on that
they say well we're going to go to the
replay booth well we want to speed up
these games so the replay booth are
being told to hurry to hurry everything
up are they getting all the angles are
they getting all the looks wasn't really
a malicious hit
and I think those are things we've put I
think we've made a poor decision in that
department I really do I don't I think a
player is punished if you sit in the
next game no matter what and certainly
you need to target lower as far as
staying away from the head and some of
the head injuries and things would go
through but again let me go back and say
I'm involved for player safety I'm not
against that I just don't think the rule
is kind of a little bit much for me well
you got a target lower and you can't
lead with the crown of your helmet
that's the bottom line and that's the
way we coached last year and we had no
issues last year with our football team
knock on what so you know again it's
it's I just think we've put a lot on the
plate of the officials they already have
a lot on their plate it's a fast fast
physical game things happen very quickly
and and I think we've put a lot on their
plate